finally he also harbored suspicions
about jerry about where his brother's
money came from
when jack and bobby manage to find a
camera at the residence of his mother's
killer angel also gets information that
jerry is apparently involved with a
criminal and one of angel's
acquaintances tells him to meet a city
councilman named douglas because he
knows who jerry involved with
the next day when the two angel brothers
were cleaning themselves angel told him
about something he had just found out
namely about oddity with jerry
angel tells all his suspicions about
jerry he then asks bobby to meet a city
councilman named douglas to ask who
involved with jerry
meanwhile he would find out something
else
finally after jack and bobby finished
their business they went straight to the
place where the city council was and
immediately arrested douglas who was
just about to leave his office
there he inquired about douglas's
knowledge of jerry's involvement at
first douglas did not want to answer and
instead ignored them both until finally
bobby gave a little lesson when douglas
was in his car bobby immediately doused
douglas's car with gasoline and told
jack to light his cigarette
finally douglas gave in and he rolled
down his car window and said one name
victor sweet
the situation gets more complicated and
heated when the mercer family is looking
for a conspiracy of their adopted
brother and the murder of his mother
green actually found something wrong
with his co-worker in the police namely
fowler
while in his office he saw cctv footage
showing fowler talking to evelyn even
though fowler said he didn't know who
evelyn was
then again shown the mercer family
gathered at a bowling club where angel
gave the information he had just
obtained
angel said that if it turned out that
jerry was known to borrow money from
several people one of them was a big man
named evander bearson who was in the
same place as them
when the mercer were talking about jerry
they surprised by jerry's presence who
approached evan and gave him an envelope
suspecting that it was the money that
jerry paid to pay off his debt the three
of them finally moved closer to evan and
asked him to immediately return the
envelope that jerry gave
evan who was with his family at that
time did not want to take the risk
finally he returned the envelope that
jerry gave him another time douglas
approached his boss victor sweet to
report what had just happened
apparently victor had known about it
beforehand when evan recounted the same
incident but victor asked douglas did he
mention his name in front of bobby
at first douglas lied but victor found
out about it and he immediately ordered
douglas to gather with the small
children at their table
after that he told the children to go
upstairs with his mother and asked evan
to prepare a gun
in the mercer family situation after
they find out that jerry is corrupt
bobby asks angel to send jerry to their
mother's house in the morning
you can see the look on bobby's face who
is really angry because he knows his
brother is corrupt
the next day when jerry just arrived he
beaten by bobby who asked why jerry took
his mother's insurance money of 400 000
just to hire a killer like victor
at first jerry was silent and took a
beating from bobby and angel but after
everything stopped he turned things
around beating angel and saying that he
didn't hire victor as a hitman
jerry actually turned on his missing
siblings because after they separated he
was the only one who supported their
mother evelyn
he's risking all that money for a
project he's working on so he can
support evelyn and help her adopted
sibling in the future
hearing jerry's explanation made all his
adoptive brothers silent because they
had just learned the truth from jerry
when angel and bobby were arguing with
jerry jack who was sitting at that time
suddenly heard a knock
he went to his door and saw a man
throwing a pile of snow and holding up
his middle finger
this triggered his emotions so that jack
tried to chase the man but after jack
left his house the mysterious masked man
suddenly turned around and fired his gun
right at jack's left chest
he immediately winced in pain and
screamed not long after several cars
suddenly arrived and several people who
were also wearing masks got out of the
car while shooting at residents of the
mercer family
jack who couldn't do anything just stood
on the side of the road while holding
back the pain he received
meanwhile angel jerry and bobby try to
fight off a gang of gunmen they don't
recognize while taking cover in the
house
luckily bobby and angel managed to kill
some of them including jerry who never
killed anyone but because of the
pressure of the situation he stabbed
people who tried to sneak into their
house through the back door
then jerry went out and went straight to
his car
meanwhile bobby and angel continue to
try to protect themselves angel who had
pressed immediately went upstairs to
outwit their movement and as a result
angel managed to kill one person so that
the situation was now balanced but after
that angel and bobby ran out of bullets
to kill the one remaining person
finally with a reckless attitude bobby
took a stone and threw it right at the
mysterious man's face and then he beat
him up
while bobby was chasing him a car
suddenly turned toward him luckily bobby
managed to survive when jerry suddenly
came and immediately drove the car away
then after all the mysterious men killed
the three of them immediately approached
jack to help
but unfortunately jack has lost blood
due to extraordinary bleeding and
finally jack died
now the mercer have to lose one more
member of their family after their own
adoptive mother
after the incident the police arrived
including green who was not accompanied
by his colleague fowler
greene only said that he had taken care
of this mysterious man's death and
thought what the mercer had done was
self-defense
then he said goodbye to take care of one
of the corrupt cops fowler
then he went to a pool club and there he
met fowler who was playing a game
when fowler gives green a chance to play
green maximizes the opportunity to knock
fowler down by pretending that his
q-stick looks a little bent
green suddenly slammed the stick at
fowler until he winced in pain
then green took fowler's badge and left
apparently when green left fowler came
after him and said he had forgotten
something
finally green stopped for a moment but
suddenly fowler pulled out his gun and
shot green to death
by pretending to report that he and
greene were working on a case fowler
managed to outwit the police that
green's death was the result of an
irresponsible person
after the death of jack evelyn and
greene the mercer family suddenly has an
idea to avenge all this
jerry then went to evan to make a deal
with victor that he would give him 400
000 to negotiate with him
after meeting with evan jerry returns
home and says that evan agreed to
contact victor now she would meet him at
four o'clock in the afternoon that meant
they had to finish their plan in just
two hours
the mercer immediately moved quickly
jerry takes care of the finances angel
goes to a boy playing baseball and
offers him twenty dollars and a box of
chocolates to help him outwit fowler
after all the plans been formed it
finally arrived at four o'clock where
jerry would meet with victor
he'd been picked up by evan but bobby
asked him to restrain himself first
while waiting for angel's call
on the one hand the boy whom angel had
ordered managed to outwit fowler's
movements and when fowler took the
chocolate from the boy he immediately
closed the door again
that's where angel acts he suddenly
comes and immediately hugs fowler's face
with a plastic bag and calls bobby if he
catches him
after getting a call from angel bobby
invited jerry to come to evan
when jerry arrived at an icy lake with
some of victor sweet's men angel managed
to corner fowler without having to kill
him
he immediately pointed a gun at fowler
at the police station angel's lover was
also involved in this plan
she pretended to report to the police
that his boyfriend was going to try to
kill a police agent
with a pitiful look on his face she
managed to convince the police and the
police quickly headed straight for
fowler's residence
while fowler being cornered he suddenly
heard the sound of police sirens
the voice revived fowler's enthusiasm
for life because he felt that the police
were trying to help him but angel calmly
replied that the police were not helping
fowler at that time angel had apparently
recorded their conversation about fowler
admitting to being corrupt and killing
his own colleague greene
finally angel reported to the police
that he immediately went out to bring
fowler but when angel ordered fowler out
he was suddenly attacked by fowler until
fowler finally managed to take angel's
weapon and instead threatened the police
back
then move on to jerry who was waiting
for victor sweet's arrival
not long a car came from a different
direction than the driver of the car got
off and it turned out to victor sweet
he immediately approached jerry and
immediately opened the bag that jerry
was carrying
when victor opened the bag he was really
happy that jerry kept his promise by
bringing four hundred thousand dollars
finally victor accepted the business
invitation from jerry but he said that
the business between them was just to
forgive and forget what happened to the
mercer family both the evil and murder
and jack's murder
then victor asks evan for a gun to kill
jerry when victor gave a hand gesture
asking for a gun it turned out that none
of his subordinates granted his own
request
then suddenly jerry said that all of
victor's men had betrayed after what he
did to them
now his men actually put up a fight
seeing a sabotage from his own men
victor immediately said if he had
reported this meeting to fowler and soon
he and the police would come and arrest
everyone who was in this place
but jerry casually said that fowler
would not come on the other hand after
fowler left the house holding angel
hostage he asked the police to stay away
and let him go but suddenly angel
managed to beat him until the police
managed to shoot fowler until he was
helpless
on the ice lake after victor heard that
fowler was not coming he immediately
challenged everyone who was there but no
one wanted to beat victor first until
finally a man walked from a distance
into the crowd and it turned out to
bobby mercer
he immediately prepared himself to take
off his coat to fight with bobby
bobby did this and then an argument
broke out at first bobby beaten by
victor several times before he managed
to turn things around
bobby hit victor repeatedly in the face
until victor was helpless after victor
lost bobby ordered his men to put
victor's body into the ice lake that
been perforated
finally the mess has resolved now the
mercer are starting to rebuild their
house little by little
there is no more revenge to complete it
and bobby mercer decides to take care of
his mother's house alone
[Music]